# Tasks for 11-18 practice CCDC

## Injects

- ### Jennifer and Seon
- [ ] Produce a network topology diagram.  Include IP addresses, hostnames, and critical services. Work with Brent to get this information.
- [ ] Our company wants to implement mandatory multifactor authentication to internal applications hosted on a combination of Azure and AWS clouds.  Could you make a report detailing three ways we can achieve this?  Our team uses a mixture of Windows and Linux workstations.
- [ ] Produce a spreadsheet of all enabled user accounts on all endpoints/domains.  
- [ ] Our company wants to implement a strong password policy for all accounts.  Can you send us a report that details how we can achieve this? We use Active Directory domains, standalone Linux servers, and Red Hat Enterprise Linux.    
- [ ] Create an incident report for any occurrences that affect the integrity, availability, or integrity of our systems during our training.  

## Windows
- ### Joseph
- [ ] Enumerate our domain
- [ ] Audit Windows Firewall and adjust rules to suit our needs.
- [ ] Create a new Domain Admin and disable the default Administrator/Guest Accounts
- [ ] Assist Aaron and Naqib in installing and configuring Wazuh agents on Windows hosts. 
- [ ] Audit Windows event viewer logging and adjust to suit our needs.
- [ ] Configure SSH, RDP, and WinRM for remote management.  Create a privileged account Brent can run credentialed scans, and Aaron/Naqib can configure Wazuh agents.  

## Linux
- ### Aaron and Naqib
- [ ] Install Wazuh Manager and deploy agents. 
- [ ] Manage Network Firewall if present
- [ ] Audit host firewalls and install/enable if needed.
- [ ] Enable pub key authentication for your administrative accounts, and disable password login.
- [ ] Install Wazuh agents and adjust logging..  Update Github with processes used to deploy Wazuh.  

## Threat Hunting
- ### Brent and Thomas
- [ ] Run external vulnerability scan
- [ ] Run credentialed vulnerability scan.  Work with Windows and Linux teams to do this.  
- [ ] Assist with network topology map.
- [ ] Experiment with parsing data collected in Wazuh, and work with Cameron to delegate to teams what logging needs to be updated on the agents. As attacks happen, we will ask you to compile data for incident reports.  
- [ ] Update Github with processes used to parse Wazuh data.

## Network Infrastructure
- ### Mike
- [ ] Assist with VPN connections
- [ ] Assist with deploying/ snapshots of VMS.
- [ ] Assist with scripting ideas/implementation.
- [ ] Simulate Red Team attacks

## Team Captain
- ### Cameron
- [ ] Check in with the Injects team to make sure they are getting the information needed promptly, assist with research and proofread injects
- [ ] Assist with Wazuh server/ agent fine-tuning.
- [ ] Make to-do list for scripts to automate Wazuh deployment, firewall rules, User administration, etc.  Work with Linux and Windows teams to decide how to run these scripts remotely. 
- [ ] Assist Mike with Red Team attacks.
- [ ] Work with Threat Hunting/ Incident Response teams to keep reporting on task and manage remediation.  
