# Roles for individuals on the Coastline CCDC Team 2023

## Windows

- ### Vinh

  - [ ] Identify the Domain Controller and create an administrative user account for yourself.
  - [ ] Identify any additional users on the domain and document their usernames.
  - [ ] Identify any additional computers on the domain and document their hostnames.
  - [ ] Identify any additional groups on the domain and document their names.
  - [ ] Identify any additional shares on the domain and document their names.
  - [ ] Identify any additional services on the domain and document their names.
  - [ ] Identify any additional Administrative User on the Domain and change their password.
    - [ ] Submit a change request form for any changes made to the domain.
  - [ ] Identify the hostname and IP addresses of the Domain Controller and document them.

- ### Alvin

  - [ ] Identify the Windows Clients and create an administrative user account for yourself.
  - [ ] Identify additional users on the Windows Clients and document their usernames.
  - [ ] Identify any additional Administrative User on the Windows Clients and change their password.
    - [ ] Submit a change request form for any changes made to the Windows Clients.
  - [ ] Identify any services running on the Windows Clients and document their names.
  - [ ] Identify the hostname and IP addresses of the Windows Clients and document them.

## Linux

- ### Loren

  - [ ] Identify the Linux Servers and create an administrative user account for yourself.
  - [ ] Identify any additional users on the Linux Servers and document their usernames.
  - [ ] Identify any additional administrative users on the Linux Servers and change their password.
    - [ ] Submit a change request form for any changes made to the Linux Servers.
  - [ ] Identify any services running on the Linux Servers and document their names.
  - [ ] Identify the hostname and IP addresses of the Linux Servers and document them.
  - [ ] Setup Kibana and ElasticSearch on host machine?
    - [ ] Ask at meeting if we can install anything on jump boxes including Kibana and ElasticSearch

- ### Cameron

  - [ ] Identify the Linux Clients and create an administrative user account for yourself.
  - [ ] Identify any additional users on the Linux Clients and document their usernames.
  - [ ] Identify any additional administrative users on the Linux Clients and change their password.
    - [ ] Submit a change request form for any changes made to the Linux Clients.
  - [ ] Identify any services running on the Linux Clients and document their names.
  - [ ] Identify the hostname and IP addresses of the Linux Clients and document them.
  - [ ] Gather list of hostname and IP addresses from Loren, Vinh, Alvin and create firewall rules to allow traffic between the hosts and disable all other traffic.

## Business Injects

- ### Spencer

  - [ ] Track active business injects and document the Goal and Due Time for each (Add to whiteboard)
  - [ ] Prioritize business injects and assign to team members
  - [ ] Communicate all change requests to Ops Team on behalf of the team
  - [ ] Notify team of any changes to the competition environment communicated in Discords
  - [ ] Primary responsibility is managing the business injects and ensuring that they are completed on time

- ### Bryan

- [ ] Execute on business injects assigned by Spencer with assistance from the rest of the team
- [ ] Format information gathered from the rest of the team into a business inject report
- [ ] Deliver draft report to Spencer and Mike for final review (This is meant to be collaborative)
- [ ] Primary responsibility is completing assigned business injects by gathering required information from the rest of the team.

## Incident Response / Threat Hunting

- ### Brent / Terrie

  - [ ] Begin monitoring the network for suspicious activity
    - [ ] Nmap scan of all hosts
    - [ ] Nessus or other vuln scanning tools
    - [ ] Work closely with Loren on the ability to monitor the Kibana logs. You should have access and know how to query the logs.
  - [ ] Respond to any alerts generated by the monitoring tools or other team members
    - [ ] Use draft incident response report to document the incident
  - [ ] Eternal Blue:
    - [ ] Wireshark signatures and search parameters to identify Cobalt Strike Beacons

- ### Mike

  - [ ] Manage the incident response process
    - [ ] Assign incident response tasks to team members
    - [ ] Review draft incident response reports and provide feedback
    - [ ] Review final incident response reports and provide feedback
    - [ ] Communicate incident response reports to Spencer for forwarding to Ops Team
  - [ ] Eternal Blue:
    - [ ] Bluespawn as a defense to Cobalt Strike. <https://bluespawn.cloud/en/develop/>
  - [ ] General team management

## TODO

- [ ] Create a standard format for documenting the usernames, hostnames, IP addresses, and other information gathered by each team member.
- [ ] Modify and update Windows Hardening checklist
- [ ] Modify and update Linux Hardening checklist
- [ ] Develop standard format for submitting change requests
- [ ] Finalize format of business inject responses.
- [ ] Create **_cheatsheet_** for Kibana and Elastic
